Document unhealthy status (#12125)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/05-technical-reference/00-custom-resources/svls-01-function.md

| `ServiceUpdated`                 | `Running`            | The existing Service was updated after applying required changes.                                                                                             |
| `HorizontalPodAutoscalerCreated` | `Running`            | A new HorizontalPodScaler referencing the Function's Deployment was created.                                                                                  |
| `HorizontalPodAutoscalerUpdated` | `Running`            | The existing HorizontalPodScaler was updated after applying required changes.                                                                                 |

> | `MinimumReplicasUnavailable`     | `Running`            | Unsufficient available replicas. Function is unhealthy.                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `MinimumReplicasUnavailable`     | `Running`            | Insufficient number of available replicas. The Function is unhealthy.                                                                                                       |
```
